Change default keyboard shortcuts (#41818)
gravitational/teleport: CHANGELOG.md

[v16 upgrade guide](docs/pages/machine-id/reference/v16-upgrade-guide.mdx) for
more details.

#### Default keyboard shortcuts in Teleport Connect have been changed

> Some of the default shortcuts conflicted with the default bash or nano shortcuts 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows and Linux, some of the default shortcuts conflicted with the default bash or nano shortcuts 
```

(e.g. Ctrl + E, Ctrl + K).

> These have been changed to a combination of Ctrl + Shift + *, see [configuration](docs/pages/connect-your-client/teleport-connect.mdx/#configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On those platforms, the default shortcuts have been changed to a combination of Ctrl + Shift + *, see [configuration](docs/pages/connect-your-client/teleport-connect.mdx/#configuration)
```

Let's also add a note about the default shortcut for a new terminal on macOS.
